The Joe Rogan.
Experience, you know, last night during the golden globe was going on,
there were some jokes going on by Ricky DVE that we could probably talk about
later, but, uh,
60 minutes was probably going on a different channel at the same time.
And they had, uh,
a report with some new evidence that nobody has seen yet. Oh geez.
They have some, uh, autopsy, photos and photos from inside his cell.
Whoa.
You the photo, the photos online. Yeah. Yeah. I'll get em, of course.
Yeah. I didn't know. This was just released.
I saw this last night and I saw one of the photos and it looks real.
So I watched the 15 minutes that they put together,
which is mostly just about like the, uh, incident in the,
in the cell and surrounding it. I'm just gonna show you the pictures of,
because we can't watch their thing. Let me try to get the 13 images.
Cause they're all.
Am I scared?
No. I mean, it's just.
I'm scared already. I'm scared already because of, uh, Iran.
Why aren't the pictures?
I don't wanna be scared of this video of them whacking this dude,
you know, they whacked in yes, hun.
That's a hundred percent the fact that they thought they could get away with
that. That's so crazy.
Like that is such a crazy thing to try to get away with this gigantic
international case. Hey, what happened to the cameras? Oh, broke, man.
I don't know. Sucks. They hung.
Himself. They needed a couple days to make the videos and stuff like that.
He tried. Yeah, exactly. That's the problem. So fake.
He tried to hang himself before and they're like, Hey, don't do that again,
HES, like, all right, won. Gimme my belt. Gimme my shoelaces.
Gimme whatever the that guy strangled me with <laugh>.
Yeah. These footage are all fake.
Right? No, no. Hold on. I mean, I don't know why it's not.
They're very realistic.
Eddie Bravo in here immediately.
Okay, here, here we go. Uh, pull this up here.
So this isn't from his cell. This is inside there.
I'll put these up on the screen. Uh, so this was the cell he was in by himself.
Okay. I said he used a bunch of these orange jumpsuits,
which I guess were already in there. He tied them.
Around his head.
I guess there's a,
there is a little like spotlight up here are on the top of the, uh,
grate where the window is,
where you could see maybe there was something up there.
But the thing to remind remember here is that he was, uh, about six foot tall,
185 pounds. Um, there's one other thing like on this ladder here,
there is also some other things I'll get into in just a second.
That would be easier to use than tying all this together.
But they showed there's. The other thing here was this,
this was about four feet off the ground and they do show a, a noose,
which they're saying was what he used.
But as the doctor sort of said that the noose that this show picture of,
which is what you can see in the top right corner here, which, and just playing,
oh.
That's Dr. Michael Badden. That's that guy from the HBO auto autopsy show.
For some reason, I can't I'll find it in a second,
but the picture that shows his actual neck doesn't seem like this noose
caused that wound.
And it's a little bit lower than it probably should have been. Oh Jesus. Um,
so they're showing some of these other, this is some of the pictures of him.
This is the, the bone, his jaw, the Hoy Julio bone thing. His jaw was broken.
Well, there's the fracture that they said wasn't consistent with, uh, hanging.
It's more consistent with, um, a murder, a homicide. And he said,
this is Bain's words. Is that usually he's seen it.
And maybe like one bone break and sometimes two, but there were three fractures.
And he says like,
he's almost never seen that in any of his cases he's ever looked over.
Hmm. And you would think, uh, it would be,
if you're gonna hang yourself from such a short distance,
it would be even harder to get a fracture like that. Right.
Cause you're not like jumping on, like in an old Western movie,
like Clints would movie when they would hang him, hang 'em high.
So the one thing that they also had a in here was he left a note, oh Jesus. Uh,
the note said like, there was like four things. It said first that the, some,
it had the name blur out, but it said this person left him in a shower,
locked for an hour. It then said someone else gave him like burnt food.
And then bugs were crawling over his hands. And he just wrote no fun,
but there's a ballpoint pen.
Like the one I have in my hand sitting right next to it. And they like,
if you knew he was on suicide,
watch you wouldn't give him a ballpoint pen that he could kill himself with.
Jamie, you should be a God detective is whatI.
This is what they're saying. And he had his, uh,
his sleep APM machine was in there. It was,
you could see an extension cord coming in the hallway into his room that
he could have just used that to kill himself and hang himself or the nine jump
jumpsuits. Why does.
He have nine jumpsuits? Yeah. The jumpsuit thing is freaking like,
they're trying to explain it by bringing in some, some new witness.
So somehow this is actually a different video.
That's shown a couple different things than what I saw this wearing.
I didn't see this arm thing and I didn't see the picture of his.
But the arm thing looks like an injection spot. Is that what it looks like?
I guess. So here's the actual, this is what I saw. Here's the note.
What does this say? Sorry. So it says it's at 60 minutes.
Get their watermark all over it. It's so funny. Sorry, 60 minutes. Thank you.
Thanks for getting this. So.
Kept me in a locked it's blurred right here.
It says the name is board kept me in a locked shower or one hour neck
or, uh, someone, I don't know the name send in burnt food, giant bugs,
crawled on my hands and then no fun. And then they're saying, and then he could,
but then this ball point pen was next to it that he could have stabbed himself
in the neck or whatever, you know? Yeah.
It's hard to kill yourself with a pen. Yeah. But do they get pens?
That's.
Usually, but this is.
Like a, you know, high profile case. I, yeah. I don't know. It's just,
yeah. I don't think you should have a pay.
It might look it's so it's bad to say either way,
if you don't know, and I'm guilty of that a hundred percent.
I'm like that guy didn't kill himself. I'm talking. Oh,
I'm not talking in terms of, we have to understand this is really important.
Here's the, uh, we're, uh, we're doing a podcast when you're doing a podcast.
You don't have to be factually accurate. You just have to talk.
And hopefully if you up, you correct it. And it's funny. Um,
I'm not a science expert,
but when these guys are saying that the guy died by strangulation,
there's all these points of consistent strangulation.
And it takes forever to get these pictures.
And then there's the video cameras didn't work.
And this is the second time he tried to kill himself.
And he's a high profile witness and a really, really,
really important case involving pedophiles that the highest levels of
government. Yeah, I wouldn't,
I would think that that's the kind of guy you whack. Mm-hmm <affirmative>.
You're also according to the procedure, you're not,
when there's a suicide there,
you're not supposed to move the body and take it to the emergency room.
You're supposed to treat it as though it was a murder or like a crime scene.
What's crazy. Is.
That it's so high profile like even is in,
because this is most likely how they did it forever. Right?
Like the people that whack people, they were probably like, you know,
I was doing comedy before the internet. <laugh> they,
they were probably whacking people before the.
Internet. Right. Do you wanna see? I found the graphic image. Sure. Okay.
Oh yeah. I'm that scared? Don't see if you don't wanna see it, Brian. But.
I saw that he has weird texture on his cheek. I thought.
Interesting. Brian, like tell me more.
Like bed marks almost like he was.
Um, maybe I think that's just the blood rush to his head. Yeah, bro,
that guy got strangled. That looks like a strangled guy.
Yeah. That's what I thought or.
Or choked from a, but the thing is like, there's.
No blood on, that's the thing. There's no blood on that. No.
So they said was the noose that did it and there blood on his body.
There's no pictures of him in the cell. It didn't take any pictures of that.
Wait.
Hold on. There's no blood on the noose. They said killed him.
But yet there's blood on his net. Correct? That.
Was pointed out by the.
That's insane. That's impossible. If they did,
they really do a test of the rope that they supposedly said, just show him.
A picture of it. And it looks very clean. A, the unused and.
Well orange, maybe the red doesn't show up that clean on orange.
Can we look at it again? Um, I think this should, I think we should probab look,
I wanna say for sure that killed him.
And the lawyer she's talking to and the piece is his, uh,
former cellmate's lawyer. Mm-hmm <affirmative> and he's just, ah, no,
it's obviously.
Bro. The former cellmate is my favorite part of the story. Yeah.
Gigantic Dick ex cop. Who's our murder and a drug dealer.
<laugh> and he's huge. He's a gorilla,
a straight up gorilla, big Italian gorilla.
And they put him in jail with that guy. Come on, man.
They probably come on, look at his neck.
Okay. So they're examining the thing they, this is Dr. Michael Badden from HBO,
correct? Correct. And uh,
he's examining the thing that was supposedly used to kill him.
And he's saying there's nothing on it.
And he's showing the actual lacerations around the neck that show clear blood.
And he says, it's too low in the neck too. That that's what, that's.
Her population right here. She says, if he, if he did what you thought, like,
which would've been like leaning forward on the ground,
that it probably would've been a little higher under the jaw.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> not down at the base of the neck kind of,
but who that's a little bit tough to say, I.
Guess you weren't there. Well, that's I,
I would imagine if you're killing somebody like that,
they're trying to get away people that are trying to get away, do that. Right.
If you're killing him from behind, if that guy's holding him down.
Oh, come on, man. Look at his neck.
Hmm. So hold on, though. Is any of that break actually breaking the skin?
The thing is, it looks like a wire. It looks like a wire to me.
It does look like a wire. That's why it looks way too thin to be that yeah.
That thick, that thick thing. Cloth noose. I mean maybe,
maybe that thick noose thing is really strong fabric,
but that looks like a wire. Me man.
But wouldn't a wire just slice right into your neck too. Yeah.
It looks like that's more like blood rising to the skin mm-hmm <affirmative>
than, than an actual cut. Yeah. That's what I'm thinking too.
It looked before though, like it was a cut.
So maybe there wasn't really that much blood that actually came through the skin
and maybe all that, um, that cloth just,
maybe it's really thin and it gets down like a wire.
Like if you choke somebody with, um, like a, a bandana,
you know, like if you,
you had like one of them bandanas that hippies put on their dogs and you, uh,
choke someone to death with one of those things. I,
I gotta think it's gonna make a very small mark.
I don't think it's gonna make a thick mark.
If you like got someone in like Aniel choke, it's one of those things and, yeah.
That's a strong, it would, it would get thin like where it was.
You like the actual point. Yeah. Yeah. Would that make a mark like that?
That I'm sure someone now is gonna go start myth busting, like how to,
what it looks like if you do do that test and like they have to murder someone
to find out if it's true, just get another piece of.
So we'll find out later today. I'm sure the whole thing strange man.
It's so a look.